Wave 1:You did it, I know it doesnt seem fair, But those creatures are taken over and i really need you to wipe them out.


Wave 2:If you didnt notice, Theres a couple water pumps out there on the farm, you can drink from them to heal yourself, if you get injured.


Wave 3:Alright, Alright, I hope you learned to use that meat grinder today, There are other things you need to learn, But that one is pretty important. 


Wave 4:I hope you remember to use that electric fence, I hope you zap them good.


Wave 5:Tomorrow is a day you're not gonna wanna miss, And i think it might be a good day to use that grinder.


Wave 6:How was that for some fun huh, Its days like this and i can almost about this pitchfork in my gut.


Wave 7:I dont wanna scare you but I think things are going to get a little more though on you, So dont start crying.


Wave 8:You're bound to run into things you never seen before in your life out there, So buckle down and get ready.


Wave 9:Oh yeah, Great shots will usually save your ass, but just remember, choosing the right weapon is also important, You definetly dont wanna go out there with just a pistol.


Wave 10:Wow, If i could get off this wall, I would shake your hand mister, Awesome.


Wave 11:Now who's your favorite farmer, Huh, Whats that, I am, That shotgun is not great at long ranges, But it obliterates anything thats close by.


Wave 12:You did, You did it, You did it, You did it, Yeah I unlocked that barn door, Because I knew you did it, I knew they're all dead out there.


Wave 13:Hope you learn some today, If not, You just got lucky.


Wave 14:The worst creatures seem to come out a night, Well thanks again, Killing all those unnatural bastards.


Wave 15:Wait, Do you hear that, I think I hear something, Nahhh, Its all quit out there, You know why, Cause they're all dead, Could you be anymore awesome.


Wave 16:Back so soon, You really know how to handle yourself out there, Well lets say you try out that new weapon, Tomorrow.


Wave 17:Good job, But dont get too confident, Those bastards can still kill you, Dont forget that.


Wave 18:Yup, Thats what I thought, Now its regular boneyard out there, Huh, Keep up the good work.


Wave 19:Well, That was uneventful, I was expecting much much more, OK, Lets move on.


Wave 20:One word, Princess, Its ironic, Becauase she grew up to be anything but royalty, Now she's a disgusting pile of guts and vomit, and you made sure of that, Congrats.


Wave 21:All in a days work buddy, Lets continue.


Wave 22:You see, That wasnt so though, You made it.


Wave 23:You know what you call a cow with the shakes, Beef jerky, Oh come on, Too soon?.


Wave 24:Hey, See how they knocked down that silo, It was my mistake mixing that grain with steroids, And now I think they're all eating it.


Wave 25:Ok, I open the door for you, You know if you had to fight those creatures with your hand, And you knew some karate, You could use the pork-chop, Get it.


Wave 26:Boy I wish I could have seen that, Seems like you had a lot of fun.


Wave 27:Since were on a farm, You know where russians get their milk, Moscow, Get it, Oh come on its funny its a place, Its a place in russia.


Wave 28:When you come back in here covered in blood, Now I know your job is done, And you cleared out every last one of them, Awesome.


Wave 29:Ok, You did much better than I thought, Hey how do scientist count the animals on a farm, He uses his cow-culator, Hah, Get it, Like a calc-calculator, Yeah js-up, Whatever.


Wave 30:That was one mean bastard, Probably meaner than me, You showed em tough, But I have a feeling he might be back.


Wave 31:Well, Im happy to say youre making some progress out there, Lets see what tomorrow has in store for us.


Wave 32:Sorry about earlier, They attack you destroy, This shit never gets old does it.


Wave 33:Question, Where did princess go after the big explosion, Everywhere, Haha, Get it, Like into a zillion pieces.


Wave 34:I want my farm the way it used to be, Is it wrong for me to expect you to rush in here when I open up that barn door.


Wave 35:Holy shit, That was a slaughter, I think you've made your point today.


Wave 36:When it all goes quiet, I open that barn door, And I pray you come back to me in one piece, And you did.


Wave 37:Awwww, Im so emotional, Its this the part where I thank you and kiss your ass, Any could happen.


Wave 38:Awesome, Awesome, Wanna know why the pyromaniac was so lonely, He was looking for the perfect match, Hah, Get it he likes fire, He wanted to make a fire, Whatever.


Wave 39:I open the barn door when I know its all clear, And then and only then, Can I risk letting you back in, Nothing personal.


Wave 40:That was one truely massive explosion, For a moment everything in here turned red, Thats how I know you did it, You killed her, So I thank you.


Wave 41:Welcome back, I truly believe you're the right man for this job, I think we make a good team, Im glad we meet.


Wave 42:I got a pitchfork in my gut, Pitchfork in my gut, I got a pitchfork in my gut, Medic, We got a bleeder.


Wave 43:Hey, You're getting pretty good at this, What do you call a cow that doesnt give any milk, A milk dud, Hah, Get it, Its a dud, Like it doesnt go off, Like there's no milk.


Wave 44:You're a rhinestone cowboy, Bu-duh-duh-dow, Awesome, Awesome, You made it.


Wave 45:Damn I hope the farm is still in one piece after that, Sounds like you destroyed the entire place.


Wave 46:Blah Blah Blah, Yeah I know thats how I sound like, I wish you were up here, We should change positions.


Wave 47:Who's the biggest badass on the farm, You are, You are, Thats right you did good work today, Im proud of you.


Wave 48:You did, You did it, You did it, You did it, Yeah I unlocked that barn door, Because I knew you did it, I knew they're all dead out there.


Wave 49:Hope you learn some today, If not, You just got lucky.


Wave 50:Truth is, I didnt think you could do it, Its suppossed to be impossible to defeat that kind of thing.


Wave 51:Wait, Do you hear that, I think I hear something, Nahhh, Its all quit out there, You know why, Cause they're all dead, Could you be anymore awesome.


Wave 52:Well, That was uneventful, I was expecting much much more, OK, Lets move on.


Wave 53:All in a days work buddy, Lets continue.


Wave 54:You see, That wasnt so though, You made it.


Wave 55:You know what you call a cow with the shakes, Beef jerky, Oh come on, Too soon?.


Wave 56:How was that for some fun huh, Its days like this and i can almost about this pitchfork in my gut.


Wave 57:Hey, See how they knocked down that silo, It was my mistake mixing that grain with steroids, And now I think they're all eating it.


Wave 58:Ok, I open the door for you, You know if you had to fight those creatures with your hand, And you knew some karate, You could use the pork-chop, Get it.


Wave 59:Since were on a farm, You know where russians get their milk, Moscow, Get it, Oh come on its funny its a place, Its a place in russia.


Wave 60:Who's the biggest badass on the farm, You are, Thats right, You did good work today, Dont let it go over your head.


Wave 61:When you come back in here covered in blood, Now I know your job is done, And you cleared out every last one of them, Awesome.


Wave 62:Ok, You did much better than I thought, Hey how do scientist count the animals on a farm, He uses his cow-culator, Hah, Get it, Like a calc-calculator, Yeah js-up, Whatever.


Wave 63:Well, Im happy to say youre making some progress out there, Lets see what tomorrow has in store for us.


Wave 64:Sorry about earlier, They attack you destroy, This shit never gets old does it.


Wave 65:Question, Where did princess go after the big explosion, Everywhere, Haha, Get it, Like into a zillion pieces.


Wave 66:Good job, But dont get too confident, Those bastards can still kill you, Dont forget that


Wave 67:I want my farm the way it used to be, Is it wrong for me to expect you to rush in here when I open up that barn door.


Wave 68:When it all goes quiet, I open that barn door, And I pray you come back to me in one piece, And you did.


Wave 69:Awwww, Im so emotional, Its this the part where I thank you and kiss your ass, Any could happen.


Wave 70:All my advice finally paid off I see, Thats right I deserve all the credit, You dipshit.


Wave 71:Awesome, Awesome, Wanna know why the pyromaniac was so lonely, He was looking for the perfect match, Hah, Get it he likes fire, He wanted to make a fire, Whatever.


Wave 72:I open the barn door when I know its all clear, And then and only then, Can I risk letting you back in, Nothing personal.


Wave 73:Welcome back, I truly believe you're the right man for this job, I think we make a good team, Im glad we meet.


Wave 74:I got a pitchfork in my gut, Pitchfork in my gut, I got a pitchfork in my gut, Medic, We got a bleeder.


Wave 75:Boy I wish I could have seen that, Seems like you had a lot of fun.


Wave 76:Hey, You're getting pretty good at this, What do you call a cow that doesnt give any milk, A milk dud, Hah, Get it, Its a dud, Like it doesnt go off, Like there's no milk.


Wave 77:You're a rhinestone cowboy, Bu-duh-duh-dow, Awesome, Awesome, You made it.


Wave 78:Blah Blah Blah, Yeah I know thats how I sound like, I wish you were up here, We should change positions.


Wave 79:Who's the biggest badass on the farm, You are, You are, Thats right you did good work today, Im proud of you.


Wave 80:Way to take care of that fat-ass bitch, You put another one in the grave, Congrats.


Wave 81:You did, You did it, You did it, You did it, Yeah I unlocked that barn door, Because I knew you did it, I knew they're all dead out there.


Wave 82:Hope you learn some today, If not, You just got lucky.


Wave 83:Wait, Do you hear that, I think I hear something, Nahhh, Its all quit out there, You know why, Cause they're all dead, Could you be anymore awesome.


Wave 84:Well, That was uneventful, I was expecting much much more, OK, Lets move on.


Wave 85:Holy shit, That was a slaughter, I think you've made your point today.


Wave 86:All in a days work buddy, Lets continue.


Wave 87:You see, That wasnt so though, You made it.


Wave 88:You know what you call a cow with the shakes, Beef jerky, Oh come on, Too soon?.


Wave 89:Hey, See how they knocked down that silo, It was my mistake mixing that grain with steroids, And now I think they're all eating it.


Wave 90:You just kicked some serious ass out there, I expected no less from you, Good work.


Wave 91:Ok, I open the door for you, You know if you had to fight those creatures with your hand, And you knew some karate, You could use the pork-chop, Get it.


Wave 92:Since were on a farm, You know where russians get their milk, Moscow, Get it, Oh come on its funny its a place, Its a place in russia.


Wave 93:When you come back in here covered in blood, Now I know your job is done, And you cleared out every last one of them, Awesome.


Wave 94:Ok, You did much better than I thought, Hey how do scientist count the animals on a farm, He uses his cow-culator, Hah, Get it, Like a calc-calculator, Yeah js-up, Whatever.


Wave 95:Damn I hope the farm is still in one piece after that, Sounds like you destroyed the entire place.


Wave 96:Well, Im happy to say youre making some progress out there, Lets see what tomorrow has in store for us.


Wave 97:Sorry about earlier, They attack you destroy, This shit never gets old does it.


Wave 98:Question, Where did princess go after the big explosion, Everywhere, Haha, Get it, Like into a zillion pieces.


Wave 99:I want my farm the way it used to be, Is it wrong for me to expect you to rush in here when I open up that barn door.


Wave 100:Unbeliveable, That was an epic battle, And I cant believe that you pulled it off, I think its finally over, See you tomorrow.


Wave 101:What the hell are you doing, You just killed every innocent creature on my farm, Now we have to start this all over again, What the hell where you thinking you dumb ass bastard, Get the hell out of my face.